Prepare nuking develop (#3726)
tendermint/tendermint: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Branching Model and Release

The main development branch is master. 

Every release is maintained in a release branch named `vX.Y.Z`.

> Note all pull requests should be squash merged except for merging to master. This keeps the commit history clean and makes it

Author: ```suggestion
Note all pull requests should be squash merged except for merging to a release branch (named `vX.Y`). This keeps the commit history clean and makes it
```
